README.md, before:

EI2030 Working Group
=====================
This repository holds **agendas** and **notes** for all meetings past and
upcoming. Anyone may edit an upcoming event's agenda to *attend* or *propose
an agenda item*.

All meetings occur via video conference. Check the [`agendas/`](./agendas) for the exact date and time of upcoming meetings.

# Participation guidelines

Meetings with many participants, especially over video, can easily get hard to
follow or run off course. When we talk about issues we care about, it's easy to
get into heated debate. In order to respect everyone's time, and arrive to
worthwhile outcomes, consider a few guidelines:

### Participate

Being in the room when decisions are being made is exciting, but meetings with
large groups of people are much more difficult to follow. Only attend if an
agenda item directly concerns you and your work, and you expect to participate.

### Don't talk too much

The biggest distraction with many people on a video call is interruption, and
interruptions are frequent when someone is talking for too long. Only speak up
if you have something important to add to the discussion and be courteous of
others and avoid interruption.

### Volunteer to take notes

The rest of the community follows along with the group's discussion by reading
the meeting notes. Volunteering to take notes is a great service to that
community and a great way to participate if you don't have an agenda item.

### Have an outcome in mind

Know what you and your group wish to accomplish from the meeting and make
that clear to the group to keep discussion focused on what's valuable to your
agenda item. Complex or challenging outcomes might take intermediate goals
across multiple meetings.

### Contribute

Projects succeed when their leaders are active contributors more than passive participants. Follow up on your discussion with pull requests to projects, or planned events.

### Choose your battles

There are many ways to solve a problem and you won't always agree with all of them. Express your views but don't argue about a topic that is not relevant to your goals.

### Champion alternatives

Sometimes you'll disagree with someone but will find it difficult or
impossible to convince them of the problems you see. Instead of spending your
energy fighting, commit to developing an alternative proposal so future
discussion can be about substance.

### Block progress as a last resort

This working group is only effective when consensus can be reached, even though
there may be disagreements along the way. You should avoid blocking progress if
possible, otherwise you may be seen as hostile to the group. However, if you
have a serious issue with a proposed agenda item outcome, you must make
it clear.

Commit message:

created wiki folder and updated README.md

README.md, after:

Template for EI2030 Working Groups
=====================
This repository serves as a template for EI2030 Working Groups. This repository contains templates for **agendas**, **notes** and a *wiki*.

All meetings occur via video conference. Check the [`agendas/`](./agendas) for the exact date and time of upcoming meetings.

# Collaboration Tools

## Discourse

## Discord

EI2030 maintains a [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/nnxKnxh) for communication and collaboration, which is open for anyone to join. Once you join [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/nnxKnxh), you can participate in any public channels.

## Calendars

# Participation guidelines

Meetings with many participants, especially over video, can easily get hard to
follow or run off course. When we talk about issues we care about, it's easy to
get into heated debate. In order to respect everyone's time, and arrive to
worthwhile outcomes, consider a few guidelines:

### Participate

Being in the room when decisions are being made is exciting, but meetings with
large groups of people are much more difficult to follow. Only attend if an
agenda item directly concerns you and your work, and you expect to participate.

### Don't talk too much

The biggest distraction with many people on a video call is interruption, and
interruptions are frequent when someone is talking for too long. Only speak up
if you have something important to add to the discussion and be courteous of
others and avoid interruption.

### Volunteer to take notes

The rest of the community follows along with the group's discussion by reading
the meeting notes. Volunteering to take notes is a great service to that
community and a great way to participate if you don't have an agenda item.

### Have an outcome in mind

Know what you and your group wish to accomplish from the meeting and make
that clear to the group to keep discussion focused on what's valuable to your
agenda item. Complex or challenging outcomes might take intermediate goals
across multiple meetings.

### Contribute

Projects succeed when their leaders are active contributors more than passive participants. Follow up on your discussion with pull requests to projects, or planned events.

### Choose your battles

There are many ways to solve a problem and you won't always agree with all of them. Express your views but don't argue about a topic that is not relevant to your goals.

### Champion alternatives

Sometimes you'll disagree with someone but will find it difficult or
impossible to convince them of the problems you see. Instead of spending your
energy fighting, commit to developing an alternative proposal so future
discussion can be about substance.

### Block progress as a last resort

This working group is only effective when consensus can be reached, even though
there may be disagreements along the way. You should avoid blocking progress if
possible, otherwise you may be seen as hostile to the group. However, if you
have a serious issue with a proposed agenda item outcome, you must make
it clear.
